COVID-19 Vaccines
Eligible people can receive COVID-19 vaccines as authorized by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

Florida has many sites that are providing COVID-19 vaccines. COVID-19 vaccines are safe, highly effective, and free.

Appointments may be required, and specific vaccine types and brands may not be available at all sites, so review the location’s instructions (for example, you may need to schedule an appointment online).

 

COVID-19 Booster Shot
A booster shot will increase your immune response. Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna boosters are preferred—you can get the Johnson & Johnson booster in some situations.

You can get the Pfizer BioNTech booster if:

You’re age 12 and older and received 2 doses of the Pfizer BioNTech vaccine over 5 months ago—children and teens age 12–17 can only get the Pfizer BioNTech booster.
You can get the Moderna booster if:

You’re age 18 and older and received 2 doses of the Moderna vaccine over 5 months ago.
You can get the Johnson & Johnson booster in some situations if:

You’re age 18 and older and received the Johnson & Johnson vaccine over 2 months ago.
Adults age 18 and older can choose either the Pfizer BioNTech or Moderna, and in some situations, Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine, for their booster regardless of which vaccine they initially received.

 

COVID-19 Additional Primary Dose
An additional primary dose will improve moderately to severely immunocompromised people’s immune response to their initial two-dose series of the Pfizer BioNTech or Moderna COVID-19 vaccine.

You can get an additional primary dose of the Pfizer BioNTech vaccine if:

You received 2 doses of the Pfizer BioNTech vaccine over 28 days ago;
You’re moderately or severely immunocompromised; and
You’re age 5 and older.
You can get an additional primary dose of the Moderna vaccine if:

You received 2 doses of the Moderna vaccine over 28 days ago;
You’re moderately or severely immunocompromised; and
You’re age 18 and older.
At this time, an additional primary dose is not recommended for people who received the Johnson & Johnson vaccine.
